"We the People of the United States, 
in Order to form a more perfect Union, 
establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, 
provide for the common defence, 
promote the general Welfare, and 
secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, 
do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of America."

Core Tenants of the USA Constitution:
    1. distributed power
    2. welfare & liberty
    3. tranquility & justice
    4. defense

POLICY: Treasury seeds bond to state reserves (the single fed is split into 50 now); the states federal reserve governer is elected
    and, in coordination with the State Governer sets fiscal & monetary policy relating to how these funds will be spent to accomplish 
    constutional means. Measurements are observed through competition (working aerospace, beautiful buildings, longevity and quality of 
    life measures--i.e. limited criminal records); observed measurements are recorded and public (nothing is classified between the states).

HOW:
    1. Distributed Power: current powers have consolidated in la federal defense with limited oversight and minimal transparency;
    notwithstanding constitutional definitions (i.e. treasury, president, senator limits) 
    break every aportionment by the number of states--currently 50. The federal reserve is broken in to 50 component pieces thus
    enabling the state to vote on the governer that will best serve their land; all defenseive, welfare, and other federal
    government offices are broken into 50 and their offices voted on at State Elections at max; city at minimum.
    2. Welfare: Building and moving; if unable to move, someone will move to you. To receive any funding will be a sovern state right;
    the natural byproduct of paying people to sit at home is you will lose competitions and your buildings will become ugly; 
    people will move to the city or state where Welfare is tackled with greater creativity.
    3. Tranquility: Through beautifl public spaces the people are given what they live for: Human Contact and Problem Solving; the 
    woes of the family will bleed into the public light naturally, spawning solutions and more movement. Walkable spaces being key.


ExPECTATION: 
    1. The treasury bills become the inflation rate;
    2. dollars are valued at the rate at which they beat inflation (how well does the state employ the Citizen);
    3. technological advancements realized in middle thru high school grow rapidly; bolstering commercial trade;
    4. beautiful public spaces anchored on the schools increases "blue zones" and general health;
    5. technological responsibility is transferred to the local school ecosystem with teachers being local residents
    with a vested interest; all facets of education become much more interesting when wrapped in competition.
